url for finished codepen https://codepen.io/prudentj/pen/NWWaxEM

Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It is a system of webpage markup that adds meaning to text type{paragraph, header ext}
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Hypertext Markup Language
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        They are elements that provide additional information about text and they are placed in the tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 denotes the most important header of the page at it should usually be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img requires attributes such file name, and input does aswell
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The head tag in an HTML document denotes webpage title, keywords, scripts ect.
    7. What is an id? 
        An identifier user to select an individual html element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any html element can have an id added to it.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.
    10. What is a class?
        A selector used to refrence many different elements at once. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
         Anything.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        Multiple times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Used to provide text for refrence if image can't be pulled up (for compatibility)
    15. How do I reference an id?
        idname=" " sets it and #idname{}calls it
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections are used to denote various sections while divs are generic containers (can be nested for instance)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Used to style HTML pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{} for Css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Classes are to be used multiple times, and an id once to zoom in on an indiviual element. Class to select a set of paragraphs
        while ID to seclect a specific one to be styled a certain way
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selector is when you have selectores nested within each other. They are useful because they allow you to zoom in 
    on a particular element of a certain class in a subsection.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that allows you to style an element type with unknown amount
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-hieght
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: capitalize uppercase lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To record all of changes and merge multiple changes easily
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Very often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork->Add TL Colaborator -> Clone -> Branch -> Push -> Add TL -> Pull
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

